[ Reagan ]
Air and naval forces
of the United States...
launched a series of strikes
against terrorist facilities–
[ Reporter ]
Pan Am Flight 103 crashed
into the town of Lockerbie.
[ Reagan ] He has sanctioned
acts of terror in Africa,
Europe and the Middle East.
This will not stand,
this aggression against Kuwait.
[ Reagan ]
...his relentless pursuit
of terror.
[ Bush ]
We will make no distinction–
[ Reporter ] The U.S.S. Cole
was attacked while refueling
in the port of Aden.
This was an act of terrorism.
It was a despicable
and cowardly act.
The next number we’re gonna
swing for you is one
of the good ol’ favorites.
- [ Speaking Arabic ]
- ...until something stops him.
[ Carrie ]
It was right in front of my
eyes, and I never saw it coming.
[ Police Radio Chatter ]
[ Man ]
We got a plane crashed
into the World Trade Center.
[ Man #2 ]
...thousands of people running–
We must, and we will, remain
vigilant at home and abroad.
[ Speaking Arabic ]
[ Saul Whispering ] You’re
the smartest and the dumbest
fucking person I’ve ever known.
[ Arabic Continues ]
[ Carrie ] I’m not the one
who got it wrong. I’m the only
one who got it right.
[ Saul ]
Take ’em.
Take ’em all.
[ Man ]
Roll every available ambulance
you’ve got to this position.
[ Police Sirens Wailing ]
[ Saul ]
Previously on Homeland.
I’m an associate
at Bennett, Parr and Hamilton.
One of our partners
would like to meet with you.
Miss Mathison.
Leland Bennett.
- What does your client want?
- To pick your brain
from time to time.
Put you on retainer,
as it were.
[ Gasping ]
No sound.
Take it off.
Carrie Mathison.
It’s time we talk about
Nasser Hejazi,
whose name you used
to embezzle more than
$45 million.
You are now an enemy
of your own state.
- I got plans for you.
- What plans?
I’m gonna play you
back into Iran.
From now on,
you work for us, for me.
I’ve recruited
a high-level Iranian asset,
Majid Javadi.
The man who financed
the bombing of the C.I.A.?
We talked about this–
the need to wean you
of your Cold War bullshit.
This is
a once-in-a-lifetime operation
that can transform everything,
the entire Middle East.
You sound like
you’re fucking high.
I need to know something
before you leave.
I need to know.
Who was responsible
for the bomb?
You know what he asked me?
Who moved the bomb?
If it was Brody.
Now why would he ask me that?
That implies that there’s
a difference of opinion
on that subject.
You should know that the man
who built the bomb
and moved the S.U.V.–
he didn’t die
in the explosion
like they say.
As far as I know,
he’s still in this country.
- Where?
- I don’t know.
- Who does?
- The man that
brought us together.
Your lawyer, Bennett?
[ Sighs ]
Fuck.
Ah!
What happened to you?
I was starting to get worried.
I’m out of practice.
Well,
this looks delicious, Saul.
Thank you.
Can I pour you a cup of tea?
- Please.
- Where did you
get these from?
Aren’t these the mugs
we brought back
from the Philippines?
The very last pair.
[ Exhales Deeply ]
When this is all over,
I’d like to go back to
that island in the Sulu Sea.
You know, you don’t have to
promise anything, really.
- I understand.
- I don’t see why not.
We might actually have fun.
The evidence does
seem to indicate that
that is possible after all.
Is there any chance
that you could stay home today?
There’s nothing
I’d rather do.
But?
I got a meeting with
Mike Higgins this morning
at the White House.
When?
9:30.
Well, that gives us
an hour and a half...
by my count.
Yes, it does.
[ Exhales Deeply ]
Okay, here’s something.
Dr. Maximillian Aziz.
Jordanian.
Was actually in the auditorium
at the time the bomb went off.
Ops or Intelligence?
Intelligence.
Office of Transnational Issues.
And what’s his connection
to Leland Bennett?
He wrote a lengthy analysis
of the firm’s
hip-pocket clients–
Iran, Syria, Azerbaijan.
This was two years ago.
Hardly fits the profile.
Any munitions training?
Experience with explosives?
Uh, no.
[ Exhales Deeply ]
All right.
Add him to the list anyway.
Yeah,
which begs the question,
are we even sure
that the guy who made
the bomb moved Brody’s car?
Depends.
On what?
On whether or not
you believe Javadi.
Which you do.
Which I do.
But it takes
more than an opinion
to put it in front of Saul.
All righty.
You know,
I can’t help but feel we’re
spinning our wheels here.
The F.B.I. have
been through these files
a hundred times.
Anybody who was at Langley
that day has been turned
inside out and upside down.
Yeah. Well, someone
who was at Langley that day
did the bombing.
[ Exhales ]
I still can’t believe
all these people are gone.
Yeah.
Where’s Fara anyway?
She was supposed to be here
over an hour ago.
[ Engine Starts ]
[ Door Opens ]
Come on in, Saul.
Mike. Good to see you.
Senator.
Yeah. The senator has made
some serious allegations.
Which are?
That you had Majid Javadi
in a safe house
on American soil...
and let him go.
You contest that?
Yes and no.
What’s the yes?
I’m not aware
of any standing order
to arrest Colonel Javadi.
- Did you have him
in custody or not?
- I did.
Oh, Jesus fucking Christ,
Saul.
We didn’t just
let him go, Mike.
We debriefed him,
turned him,
sent him back to Iran.
- You turned him?
- He’s ours.
With no guarantee
that he’ll actually cooperate.
He will.
How do you know?
Because I know the man.
Because he knows the game.
That is total
speculation.
He’s right. We haven’t had
a whole lot of success
in that department lately.
Well, we have now. Javadi’s
the highest placed C.I.A. asset
in the history of the Agency.
He ordered and financed
the attack on Langley.
All the better if he did.
He’s above suspicion.
A high-profile arrest
would’ve sent a clear
message to the mullahs:
"Back the fuck down."
Instead we have a live source
keeping us current on Iran’s
pursuit of a nuclear weapon...
and on Hezbollah operations
all over the globe.
[ Higgins ]
How come I never saw
a finding on this?
We were responding to events
on the ground. The call
had to be made in real time.
That is horseshit,
and he knows it.
Mike, I think it’s time
you excuse the senator.
What are you talking about?
I called this meeting
to brief the chief of staff on
the second phase of the mission.
So go ahead.
I can’t.
Not with you present.
- Why not?
- Because your security
clearance...
is one level below operational.
You see what I’m dealing with?
The man is out of hand
and out of control.
And in this case,
he’s correct.
I’m sorry, Senator.
Mike, in nine days,
I’m the next D.C.I.
And in nine days,
Saul will brief you
on whatever you need to know.
But not until then.
[ Lockhart ]
Mike.
Senator.
Senator, please.
[ Door Opens ]
[ Exhales Deeply ]
[ Door Closes ]
Goddamn it, Saul.
I’ve spent the last month
and a half arranging
a marriage between you two.
I’m out. I know that.
Well, you are now.
You didn’t need to be.
Javadi was worth it.
All right. Tell me
about this phase two.
[ Sighs ]
Regime change?
Eventually.
We’re setting the stage.
How?
First we move Javadi
up the chain of command...
into a senior military position.
- How?
- Keep reading.
Sorry I’m late. Traffic.
I ordered you a macchiato,
but it’s probably cold by now.
Thank you.
It’s fine.
So I got your text.
Everything okay?
Yes.
No.
It’s Saul.
What about him?
We made a decision–
I’ve made a decision...
to give the marriage
another chance.
I– You have to know
it’s not easy for me.
And when did you decide
all this?
Last night.
Forgive me, but didn’t
we just spend yesterday
in a suite at the Ritz-Carlton?
What’s changed?
I just told you.
Suddenly Saul and you
have decided to reconcile?
It’s not suddenly.
We’ve been talking about it
for the last two months.
You know that.
Well, I was
under the impression that
you had given up on that.
That you both had.
I don’t know. Maybe we had.
Then there’s something
you’re not telling me.
We’ve been married
35 years.
I love you.
- Don’t say that.
- I love making love to you.
- I have to go.
- Mira–
Good-bye.
[ Sighs ]
He signed off?
Well, let’s put it this way–
He sees the merits
of the operation.
So he’s taking it
to the president?
Yes.
Merits?
Saul, it’s fucking genius.
If we can pull it off.
When are you leaving?
Tomorrow morning.
Does Carrie know you’re going?
She can’t even suspect it.
[ Door Buzzes ]
Hear you were looking for me?
Yeah, we were just
going over the transcript
of your debrief with Javadi...
to see if it supported
what he told Carrie
on the tarmac yesterday.
Which was?
That the man who
moved the S.U.V....
is still in the United States,
and he’s somehow connected
to Leland Bennett’s law firm.
Connected how?
It’s unclear.
We were hoping
you’d shed some light.
[ Saul ]
Javadi didn’t mention
the Bennett connection.
[ Sighs ]
Well, what about Brody?
Did he mention Brody?
In what context?
In the context
of being the bomber.
- Not in so many words,
he didn’t.
- Well, what did he say?
He said as far as he knows,
Brody didn’t move the car.
As far as he knows?
That’s not what he told me.
Okay.
He told me definitively
it wasn’t Brody.
What’s your point?
Why would he tell us
two different stories?
Is that a question
or an accusation?
Well, I guess I’d like
a straight answer.
And if Javadi even intimated
that Brody didn’t move the car,
why not press him on who did?
Well, you’re angry because
I didn’t share a conversation
with you about Brody.
- An inconclusive one.
- No. I’m angry...
because you seem entirely
indifferent to catching
the actual bomber.
- Speak for yourself.
I’m all for it.
- Well, I’m glad to hear it.
So, you two actually
have a plan?
Yeah.
We wanna flush this guy
out into the open.
Mm-hmm. How?
You know Leland Bennett
personally, right?
We’ve golfed Congressional
a few times together,
and we serve on the board
of the Northam Foundation.
How comfortable would you be
making an approach?
Comfortable enough.
♪♪ [ Middle Eastern:
Man Singing ]
♪♪ [ Stops ]
Oh. Back already?
Yeah. I’m not feeling well.
You can go.
I’ll look after him today.
You sure?
Yeah.
How is he?
Oh, sitting up.
Progress.
Yeah. Slowly but surely.
I’ll see you tomorrow.
Feel better.
Thanks.
[ Speaks Farsi ]
I’m staying home today.
[ Door Closes ]
[ Farsi ]
Do I need a reason?
I’m not gonna lose my job.
[ Farsi ]
Because I’m sure.
Speak English.
[ Farsi ]
[ Sighs ]
English.
I did not come to America
to live in the street
like a dirty Arab.
Baba, listen to me.
Nothing like that
is gonna happen.
No one’s gonna throw us
out of our home.
Don’t worry.
My job’s safe.
At the bank.
Yes.
At the investment bank.
If you work at the bank,
why are we not rich?
[ Sighs ]
Richter.
That’s a German surname.
My parents were born
in Hamburg.
Do you speak it?
[ Speaks German ]
That’s useful.
We represent three private
banking houses in Berlin.
Would you, uh, excuse me
for just a moment?
Of course.
You’re early. I’m in the middle
of interviewing a new associate.
It won’t take long.
We missed you
at the foundation meeting
last week.
Couldn’t get there.
Work.
Yeah.
You gotta make time for us.
It’s not enough that
I’ve raised over a million
dollars this quarter?
[ Chuckles ]
You know me.
Never satisfied.
[ Chuckles ]
But that’s not
what this is about.
No?
No.
- Sounds ominous.
- I do terror now, by the way.
- I’m not sure you knew that.
- I don’t think I did.
Your firm’s name
has come up lately,
more than once.
In what light?
That I can’t tell you.
Then why tell me at all?
Because tomorrow morning
at exactly 10:00,
I walk into a high level,
top secret meeting
at which you are the agenda.
- What do you want?
- Cooperate with us. Come clean.
Get out in front of what’s
sure to turn into a–
a bruising investigation.
[ Chuckles ]
You know what?
Twenty years ago I might’ve
fallen for that weak shit.
But today–
Come after me if you want.
I’ve got nothing to hide.
[ Cell Phone Chimes ]
Who’s the candle for?
All the departed.
You Orthodox?
[ Exhales Deeply ]
Old boyfriend.
I hear the weddings
go on forever.
Longer than the marriages.
So goes the joke.
Mr. Bennett needs you
to look into
something for him.
My arrangement’s
with Majid Javadi,
not Leland Bennett.
Correct.
But what Mr. Bennett
heard today might
reverberate on to you.
On to me?
Do I need to remind you?
You’re a recruited agent
of a foreign government.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
I met with Javadi once.
I agreed to consult with him.
I’m nobody’s agent.
I doubt the C.I.A.
would appreciate
the distinction.
What the hell
do you know about it?
I know the law firm
appears to be the target
of an inquiry of some kind.
Well, not one
that I’m aware of.
The warning was delivered
personally, outside of
official channels.
By somebody
who works at the Agency?
A longtime acquaintance
of Mr. Bennett, yes.
So what do you want from me?
Confirm the report.
Mr. Bennett needs to know
what part of the business
is under investigation...
and what he can do
to protect himself.
[ Sighs ]
That’s not gonna be easy,
not without setting off
alarm bells.
You’ll figure something out.
I’ll figure something out?
And obviously
there’s a clock on this.
Obviously.
[ Beeps ]
[ Line Rings ]
Mmm!
[ Phone Rings ]
Hello?
It’s on.
Tell me.
I just met with Franklin.
They’re panicking over there.
Let them.
Wait 24 hours,
then hit them with the news
we know who the bomber is.
Will do.
Uh, Saul?
Yeah?
I need some personal time
between then and now.
- You got it.
- Thanks.
You all right?
Yeah.
I should’ve shared that intel
about Brody with you sooner.
I’m sorry.
I wasn’t thinking.
You’ve been to hell and back.
I know how important
this is to you.
I owe you.
We all do.
Yeah, well, as long
as we get the real bomber.
We will.
[ Beeps ]
Carrie?
Yeah. How’d you know?
The tone of your voice.
You don’t talk to
anyone else like that.
Huh. I wasn’t aware.
Are you ready to eat?
Should I open a bottle of wine?
That’s a great idea.
Listen, I gotta go away
for a few days.
You do?
Yeah.
- When?
- Tomorrow.
Saul.
I know.
Timing’s not great.
- But you said
only a couple of days?
- Yeah.
A week at the most.
A week?
I wouldn’t be going
if I didn’t
absolutely have to.
You know what?
I could go with you.
Wouldn’t that be great?
Why not?
It’s not that kind of trip.
I wish it were.
Cheers.
[ Glasses Clink ]
To us?
You’ve been nauseous?
Yeah.
Usually that goes away by now.
So I’ve heard.
I’m getting
a real clear image here.
You wanna know
if it’s a boy or girl?
No.
Sorry this is so last-minute.
No, no. It’s great
to see you.
This is quite
a surprise.
I saw Maggie
at the hospital last week.
She didn’t say a thing.
She doesn’t know.
Does that have anything to do
with why you’re coming in...
for your first prenatal exam
13 weeks in?
I didn’t exactly plan this.
But you’ve known
for some time.
What about medications?
What are you
currently taking?
Uh, at the moment,
nothing.
I see.
Uh, I was on
1,800 milligrams of lithium
for about a month there.
Things were
a little out of control.
And, uh, before that,
there was a lot of drinking.
A... lot.
After you knew?
I haven’t been
painting a nursery.
Let’s put it that way.
Are you telling me
you wish to terminate?
I just wanna know
what the tests say,
if things are okay.
Well, you’re iron deficient.
We can fix that.
But your blood pressure
is very high.
I’ve been
really stressed at work.
[ Chuckles ]
Well, you really
should be taking it easy.
Yeah, I’ll try.
Carrie, we can manage this,
keep you and the baby healthy.
It’s not magic.
It’s a process.
You wanna leave it to chance,
that’s up to you.
Otherwise, you need to
modify your behavior.
Not in a week or two,
or when it’s convenient.
Now.
What I’m doing–
it has to do with the father.
I need to
make some things right.
It matters to a lot of people.
But this is different,
Carrie.
You’re not
on your own anymore.
[ Doorbell Rings ]
Fara... Sherazi?
And you are?
Mitchell Clawson
from the I.G.’s office.
I.G.?
Inspector General.
May I come in?
[ Father Speaks Farsi ]
[ Farsi ]
This way.
May I offer you something?
I’m good.
Um, you called in sick
two days in a row.
Is something the matter?
Migraines.
Yet you drove in
to work yesterday.
Yes.
Where you sat
in the parking lot
for over half an hour...
before deciding
to leave again.
I was hoping
that it would go away.
Is that why
you then paid a visit
to 1426 Longhill Road,
where the recent
double murder happened?
The Bethesda P.D.
took down
your license number.
Oh.
The Agency had to call in
a lot of favors to close
that investigation.
Your going over there
jeopardized all that.
I wanted to see
where it happened.
Why?
It upset me. I–
I was upset by it.
Director Berenson
has shown...
an unusual degree
of confidence
in you, Miss Sherazi,
entrusted you
with matters
of national importance.
I’m aware of that.
But your current
state of mind...
makes your loyalty to him
and to the Agency
a very live issue.
Tell the director
not to worry. I’m fine.
You can tell him yourself...
when you come in
to work tomorrow.
Yes.
[ Door Opens ]
Director Berenson?
[ Sighs ]
Who’s this
Director Berenson?
My boss.
But he’s no banker, is he?
No.
You went ahead, didn’t you?
In spite of
everything I said.
Baba, an attack happened.
So what?
It’s none of your business.
They needed Farsi speakers
with experience
in international finance.
I had to help.
And when the secret police
find out who you work for,
what then?
We have family still in Tehran–
your uncle, his wife
and children.
They will be added to the list
of those to be hanged or shot!
[ Farsi ]
I’m an American.
[ Scott ]
Target is still unknown
but presumed to be the man...
who put the bomb in position
in front of the H.Q. auditorium.
This is Paul Franklin,
our stalking horse. Carrie?
Later this afternoon
I’ll promote misinformation
to Mr. Franklin...
in the hopes
it’ll lead us to the bomber.
Our assumption is that
after the meeting he’ll
reach out for instructions.
To this man,
Leland Bennett,
one of the senior partners
at the firm.
Which is why operation
from this moment forward...
requires a full complement
of audio and visual surveillance
on both subjects.
I don’t have to tell you
what catching this guy
would mean.
In other words,
stay small, stay cool,
stay out of sight.
Okay, everybody. Game time.
You were right.
Tell me.
They’ve connected your firm
to the guy who detonated
the bomb at Langley.
That’s not possible.
I’m telling you
what I found out.
All right. Okay.
They’re also under
the impression that he’s
still here in the United States.
Is that true?
Answer the question,
or so help me, I’ll get up,
and you’ll never see me again.
- Take it easy, Carrie.
Take a breath.
- No, don’t patronize me.
Okay. It’s true.
He’s here.
He’s here where?
I’m assuming that means
they haven’t
located him yet.
No, they haven’t.
Then exactly
what do they have?
A warrant pending
before a FISA judge naming
Leland Bennett a coconspirator.
Hmm.
How soon before
the warrant’s active?
A few days at least.
They won’t find anything.
Bennett’s clean.
- He works through a cutout.
- You.
Just lay low
and let me handle this.
You’re the one
who’s been handling this,
so excuse me if your assurance
isn’t very assuring.
[ Cell Phone Rings ]
Hi.
The schedule’s right here.
[ Franklin ] They have
a line on our friend.
How’d they get onto him?
No idea.
Well, find out.
It’s a little late for that,
don’t you think?
- You sure it wasn’t
your mistake?
- You sure it wasn’t yours?
We were asked to provide
material support...
to an American citizen
with ties to the regime.
There was no mention
of his involvement
in the bombing.
[ Franklin ]
There was later.
Yes, there was.
Well, we should have
dealt with it then.
[ Sighs ]
Maybe.
- Do they know his name?
- [ Franklin ]
No.
[ Bennett ]
Then we’re still okay.
[ Franklin ] Do you want him
out of the country?
Yes.
Preferably
with a new identity.
[ Franklin ]
How much do I tell him?
I don’t care.
Just get him out.
[ Engine Starts ]
Franklin’s sending a text.
[ Carrie ]
Talk to me.
It’s an address and time.
Fairview Motel
in Lynchburg, 0130.
Can we trace who
he’s sending it to?
No. There must be
an anonymizer on the device.
Don’t worry, Carrie.
As long as we stick on Franklin,
you’ll get your bomber.
[ Scott ] He’s right.
We’ll send a tactical team
to the motel.
They’ll arrest the target
as soon as Franklin
clears scene.
[ Car Door Closes ]
[ Door Opens ]
[ Breathing Heavily ]
[ Woman ] D.C. Department
of Transportation is warning
drivers to prepare for delays...
due to street closures downtown
Thursday through Saturday.
Officials say southbound
14th Street Northwest...
will be closed between G Street
and Pennsylvania.
[ Carrie ]
Here’s something.
It could be him.
Yeah, it is him.
I’ve got a visual.
Copy that.
What’s he doing?
[ Carrie ] Just sitting there
at the moment.
[ Scott ]
Bravo, do you have eyes on?
[ Quinn ]
I’m looking down
on the roof of his car.
No one moves
until Franklin leaves site.
Copy that.
He’s calling someone.
We got it.
[ Rings ]
[ Beeps ]
Are you here?
Outside.
Flash your lights.
What room are you in?
First tell me
what’s happening.
You may have
been compromised.
How the hell
did that happen?
It happened.
What difference
does it make how?
Because I’m the one
whose life is fucked.
If I hadn’t gotten to you first,
you’d spend the rest of
your life living in a cage.
Try on some gratitude.
You want your
exfil package or not?
- 220.
- Be right up.
[ Beeps ]
[ Breathing Erratically ]
Shit. He’s got a weapon.
What?
Now he’s silencing it.
Jesus, are you seeing this?
He’s got a gun.
Bravo, can you confirm?
Negative.
My view is obscured.
He’s not
exfiltrating the bomber,
he’s taking him out.
- You don’t know that, Carrie.
- Why else would he have
a silencer?
She’s right, Scott.
I make the weapon.
I’m telling you,
Franklin’s gonna kill that guy.
[ Adal ]
Listen to me.
We just heard Bennett
telling Franklin to get
the guy out of the country.
Maybe Bennett changed his mind.
[ Adal ]
Either way, our priority
is to keep Franklin in play.
So we just let him
kill the bomber?
If necessary, yes.
That wasn’t the deal.
The bomber’s the only way
to prove that Brody’s innocent.
And stopping Franklin now
would blow your cover,
and Javadi’s back in Tehran.
You get that, right?
Until Franklin is clear,
I want all teams to stand down.
All teams,
acknowledge standing down.
- Bravo here. Standing down.
- Alpha team standing down.
[ Scott ]
Carrie, acknowledge.
Carrie.
Carrie,
what the fuck are you doing?
Carrie! Go back to the van!
Saul promised me this guy alive.
Saul’s not
calling the shots here.
He promised me, goddamn it.
Get him on the phone.
[ Adal ]
There’s no time.
Turn around.
Carrie, turn around now,
or we will stop you.
This is your last warning.
Listen to the man, Carrie.
Bravo, I am authorizing force.
Take the shot. I repeat–
- Let me.
- Take the shot.
- Carrie, this is Quinn.
Break away.
- I’m sorry. I can’t.
You’re fucking us, Carrie.
Months of work. Your work.
I don’t care.
[ Quinn ]
Carrie, I will take the shot.
[ Adal ]
Window’s closing,
for Christ’s sake!
[ Gunshot ]
[ Groans ]
[ Dog Barking ]
[ Quinn ]
He’s in. Franklin is inside.
Pick her up, for God’s sake.
Go! Go!
Move it!
Jesus Christ.
What was the delay?
I stopped her, didn’t I?
Go with her.
I’ll watch Franklin.
Hospital’s on the line.
Tell ’em you got a gunshot wound
to the upper left bicep,
significant bleeding,
might have clipped an artery.
[ Screams ]
Hold on.
You’re gonna be all right.
[ Shouts ]
Goddamn it!
Fuck! Fuck!
[ Breathing Erratically ]
Quinn?
Yeah.
- Is the bomber dead?
- Yeah.
Fuck! Fuck.
Something’s going on.
- Yeah, you got shot.
- Yeah, no shit. You shot me.
No, I mean,
something is going on.
None of this makes sense.
Just breathe, okay?
Deep breaths. Come on.
[ Breathing Erratically ]
Come here.
Come closer.
Where the fuck is Saul?
You have a good flight?
Yeah, fine.
It got me here.
[ Speaking Spanish ]
Hey. This way.
Wait here.
[ Baby Crying ]
[ Siren Wailing In Distance ]
In another month
it’s even hotter.
You won’t believe.
Maybe I use the 10 million
to put in an air-conditioning.
[ Chuckles ]
There.
[ Crickets Chirping ]
[ Keys Clack, Bell Dings ]